:sparkles: [#1637] added environmental variable to disable 2fa (#1689)
open-zaak/open-zaak: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.13.0 (2024-06-14)

**New features**

> * [#1637] Added 2FA which is disabled by the environment variable``DISABLE_2FA`` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1637] Added 2FA which is enabled by default. Use the environment variable``DISABLE_2FA`` to turn it off if needed
```
